ft: revamped subgraph docs (#2730)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/langgraph/errors/MULTIPLE_SUBGRAPHS.mdx

   ```python
   subgraph = subgraph_builder.compile()
   ```
   Each invocation gets a unique namespace, so parallel execution works. The subgraph starts fresh each time but can use `interrupt()`.

3. **Need cross-invocation persistence?** Use `checkpointer=True`. In current versions, LangGraph assigns each invocation a position-based namespace suffix (`calling_node`, `calling_node|1`, etc.) to prevent conflicts. For stable, name-based namespaces, wrap each subgraph with a unique node name — see [parallel subgraphs](/oss/langgraph/use-subgraphs#parallel-subgraphs).
:::

:::js
1. **Don't need interrupts?** Use `checkpointer: false` to opt out of checkpointing entirely:
   ```typescript
   const subgraph = subgraphBuilder.compile({ checkpointer: false });
   ```

2. **Need interrupts but not cross-invocation persistence?** Use the default inherited mode by omitting `checkpointer`:
   ```typescript
   const subgraph = subgraphBuilder.compile();
   ```
   Each invocation gets a unique namespace, so parallel execution works. The subgraph starts fresh each time but can use `interrupt()`.

> 3. **Need cross-invocation persistence?** Use `checkpointer: true`. In current versions, LangGraph assigns each invocation a position-based namespace suffix (`calling_node`, `calling_node|1`, etc.) to prevent conflicts. For stable, name-based namespaces, wrap each subgraph with a unique node name — see [parallel subgraphs](/oss/langgraph/use-subgraphs#parallel-subgraphs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Need cross-invocation persistence?** Use `checkpointer: true`. Starting in version X.X.X, LangGraph assigns each invocation a position-based namespace suffix (`calling_node`, `calling_node|1`, etc.) to prevent conflicts. For stable, name-based namespaces, wrap each subgraph with a unique node name — see [parallel subgraphs](/oss/langgraph/use-subgraphs#parallel-subgraphs).
```

title: MULTIPLE_SUBGRAPHS
---

<Note>

> In current versions of LangGraph, this error is unlikely to occur. LangGraph automatically assigns position-based namespace suffixes to subgraph invocations (e.g., `calling_node`, `calling_node|1`), preventing namespace conflicts even with `checkpointer=True`. The information below is retained for reference and for older versions.

Author: this is slop, removing
